Add Pod methods (#1)
k6io/xk6-kubernetes: README.md

> ### ⚠️ This is a proof of concept
>
> As this is a proof of concept,  it won't be supported by the k6 team.
> It may also break in the future as xk6 evolves. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!
> Any issues with the tool should be raised [here](https://github.com/k6io/xk6-kubernetes/issues).

</br>
</br>

<div align="center">

# xk6-kubernetes

> A k6 extension for using of K8s in testing. Built for [k6](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6) using [xk6](https://github.com/k6io/xk6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A k6 extension for interacting with Kubernetes clusters while testing. Built for [k6](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6) using [xk6](https://github.com/k6io/xk6).
```
